This is also a good opportunity to introduce the DependsOn clause from conformation.
What this means is that if you need
a specific logic for your CloudFormation to
wait on the creation of another resource on the same script,
this will not execute because it depends on the other resource.
So until the other resource is completed,
this will be placed on hold.
So this is a good hint for CloudFormation on what to build
first in your script and in which order to build things.
So in this case, we have an InternetGatewayAttachment.
Once it is attached and properly working,
then it will go and do any IP allocation.
Because a public IP address makes no sense,
unless of course, you have a way to reach it.
So this is pretty straightforward.
There's no parameters here.
It just makes a reference to where you want to deploy this gateway.
In this case we're referring to public subnet 1 and 2,
which we know they're already created.
So there's really not much to it.
Of course, the GetAttribute,
which is the first time we're seeing it,
it just pulls the IP address that we just
allocated in the previous two resource creations here.
So let's go ahead and execute this as well.
We save our file.
We're going to do another UpdateStack.
We have another error. This time is a YAML not well-formed error.
I have an idea of what it is,
and I'll tell you probably as you can see,
you see PrivateSubnet2 here,
and this resource is basically inside PrivateSubnet2.
You don't want that. So we're going to go ahead and select that and we're going to shift,
tab, to move it back to it.
It has to be indented properly.
This time is aligned with the last resource that we created,
so that should resolve the issue. Let's try that again.
That said, we get a confirmation that the StackID worked.
Keep that in mind. YAML is a very picky format.
So it's a great example that we got this error.